---
title: September 8th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[Stephanie]] and everything that she does for me. She's pretty awesome.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Just a continuation of focus. I want to end the day feeling like I accomplished something without dreading the fact. I want to love to learn and to bring that love throughout the day with me. I also want to watch anime with Trey.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're a strong, charismatic, black man who don't need no job. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Can't seem to shake this gay thing. I mean, I literally just had sex, and I'm still thinking about it for some reason. I can't figure out if I genuinely am confused or if it's just a number of intrusive thoughts that continue to find me. I should probably also go to the doctor at some point. I'll 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

- --------

- [[Grammar]] Comma Usage #Box4
	 - What is the difference between coordinate and non-coordinate adjectives? #Box4
		 - Coordinate adjectives can be written in any order and with an __and__ in between.

	 - Commas can be used at the end of sentences to separate contrasted coordinate elements or to indicate a distinct pause or shift. 
		 - ex: The speaker seemed innocent**,** even gullible.

- [[Grammar]] Appositives #Box4
	 - What is an appositive? #Box4
		 - An appositive is a noun or pronoun set beside another noun or pronoun in order to identify it. 

	 - If the noun being explained is too generic without the appositive, then the information provided by the appositive is necessary and no commas are required to set it off.

- 
