---
title: September 12th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Loved ones, my relatively good health, my position in a Western country.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - I want to be proud of what I can accomplish in a productive day. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You will get over this knee issue, and you'll come out a stronger person.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Kind of still thinking about the gay thing, but I'm pretty sure they're just intrusive thoughts at this point. At this point, all I know is that I like women, and if I'm fluid at at all, it won't affect my life forward. If I'm bi I'm bi, but I honestly doubt I'll ever have a sexual encounter with a man that's not simply for the purposes of alleviating my own fears. I wonder if I did well on my interview. Looking back, I think I do kind of want that job, but I think that I can get jobs elsewhere also. I honestly don't know how effective I would be at project management, but I think I can learn just about anything, although I have doubts about my ability to do that as well. I think I just have a lot of doubts in general. Maybe that comes along with a general understanding of my own knowledge and how it pales in comparison to the wider range of things to know. I think there's a bit of humility in that as well. [[epistemic humility]] is what I subscribe to. I should think of ways to boost my recall; I should just read more. If I can read more, I can force myself to more easily recall information from things I've read. I should employ spaced repetition with everything that I read, but I wanna do it in a way that doesn't involve me beginning to hate to read even more. I think I enjoy reading; it's just that my focus starts to diminish over time drastically. I'm also addicted to playing video games, so that's kind of hard to think about. I need a way to organize my thoughts into soundbites and proper form for argumentation. That's a worthy goal. I should develop a series of structures by which all of my political ideas can fit under.

	 - #Tolearn [[epistemic humility]]

	 - #Tolearn How to form and structure an opinion?

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - That I won't get a job?

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, I woke up pretty poorly. I wasn't able to get much done, and me and [[Stephanie]] prepped her for going to the laundry mat because I had an interview with David at 3. Leading up to the interview, I was unable to really do anything productive and just sat on YouTube and Discord talking to the BOYS. The interview went relatively well, and I think they want me back for the second round of interview. For these interviews, if I really want the job, I should prepare out a series of my own political beliefs. Stress the importance of my open-mindedness. [[Stephanie]] came back afterwards, and we had to put everything away including the groceries and clothes: she's great. That took a while and we made some orange chicken. This time was probably better than the butter chicken, but we still clashed a little bit about it. We do things in very different ways; I only stray from the path if I can rationally think about it. 
