---
title: October 28th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[J]] for keeping me on the straight and narrow, relatively.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Good workout, fire ass climbing sess.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're gonna get any job you set your mind to. You just have to commit 100%

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Knee isn't getting a whole lot better, but I'm not sure what that's due to. I've been relatively on top of doing the recommended exercise, but that doesn't seem to be enough. I don't think it would make that much of a difference had I been strict with my exercises. They never texted back for an appointment: seems lazy. I know I can do work at home if I need to, it's just a lot easier when you don't have distractions and a million things to do; however, for efficiency purposes, it's sometimes better to just get my morning journaling done at home. Oh god if I have [[Covid]] I'm gonna freak out. I knew I shouldn't have gone to the magic night, but me and J have been really irresponsible with those whole thing, especially since there's an outbreak in West Michigan. I really don't know what will happen to my relationships if I end up giving this disease to people that I like. My phones a big distraction when I. I should just start learning python, shouldn't I? It's a relatively marketable skill and will help me understand tech better if I decide to do such. Agile and all that other bullshit is something that I can learn on the job, but I think tech companies will be surprised and excited if I'm able to do the most basic of coding. It's just also good to understand it because you understand the time constraints that go on during crunch time and what not. I should set a strict schedule. Maybe not strict necessarily. Oh I should use that one app. Noted? 3? [[Sorted]]. Close enough. I'll get that all figured out today as well. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Giving other people [[Covid]]. Not finding a job. Rejection, to some extent. 

	 - [[The Economist]] [[October 28th, 2020]]
		 - Who became Japan's newest prime minister and who did he replace? 
			 - Suga Yoshihide replaced Shinzo Abe because of his failing health. 

		 - Clean energy would be a boon for [[China]] who seeks to capitalize on their resource advantage in metals necessary for the development of solar panels and wind turbines.
			 - America risks losing geopolitical importance if we do not latch on to this trend and get ahead of European and Chinese firms looking to develop and use these clean-energy technologies. 

		 - What percentage of the worlds lithium ion batteries, solar modules, and wind turbines do the Chinese create? #Box5
			 - 70, 70, and 50.

		 - How fast has American oil production been increasing over the last decade? #Box4
			 - Doubled oil output, gas increase of 50.

		 - Reliance on petrostates has steadily gone down since the 1970's since America has begun to increase domestic oil production. We can now sanction petrostates like Russia and Iran with relative impunity. 
