---
title: November 3rd, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My mother, my girlfriend, and my friends.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - I want to get some interview questions in. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're capable of anything.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I wonder if this whole vyvanse thing is helping me. I wish I could get some immediate feedback somehow. I don't think it's helping me play league any better, but I'm not sooooo sure. What are the benefits of journaling again? So that I don't get distracted by things that are lingering in my head? There are always things lingering in my head. I really need to put my phone away to get anything done. There are simply too many distractions to be had. Geography could be a fun little hobby for me since I like memorizing things so much. I need to think of mnemonic devices. Once I can picture countries and states in my head clearly, I'll be at a level that I want to be at. Is my ability to picture and rotate objects in my head at an above average level? I'm not so sure about that. Are these things you can really improve on at 22? Or am I stuck with this brain. How malleable is it? I think I should find out the answers to these questions lest I get unmotivated to continue self-improvement. I just wish I would be able to speak with the speed, accuracy, and fluency that others seem to manage. Why does my active memory seem to fail me so many times—especially when it comes to language. I want to be able to masterfully craft sentences and not worry about what my next word is gonna be. I know these words intuitively: they describe how I'm feeling. Yet, I can't seem to find them when the time arises, especially when I'm on the vyvanse it feels. But is that necessarily true? How to improve vernacular. Public speaking would be fine if I could concisely string together my words. My thoughts are there, usually, yet the words trail at a distance sometimes. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - My brain

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, I got a call from my mom as I was leaving my house to come pick her up at Blodgett Hospital. I reluctantly agreed, having refused her last request some days prior, along with a host of other reasons that logically would prevent me from safely picking her up. Although tense at first, I feel like I was able to make her see our side of things. I too saw hers, and I recognized that I could be rather cold at times, even though in my mind I'm being playful. I need to recognize that not everyone understands me when I say one thing but mean another. I think I was able to convince her to pursue open dialogue with Bryce and Jackelyn regarding their relationship. She thanked me afterwards, and I think I was finally able to connect to my mother on something. Here's to hoping that she sticks with it and stops being so goddamn angry all of the time. After that, I went to the library. I kind of got stuck on doing map quizzes, but I think in the end they're not all so bad. I got frustrated with the difficulty of the economics rules book, but the hardest part of the knowledge consolidation process is yet to come with making permanent notes on things. 

- https://online.seterra.com/en/vgp/3003 
