---
title: October 30th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Trey, I should spend more time with him.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Getting a good day of studying in.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Opportunities will come.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I should spend more time with Trey, and I should probably play some Wasteland with him. I often say that he's my best friend, but we rarely talk about anything of substance. Does he even have anyone in his life that he can talk about those things with? I should reach out. I know he had mentioned about possibly breaking up with Hannie, since she has a kid, but I think that he needs some guiding force in his life. I could realistically be that for him. All he does is play video games all day. I could be his J. I want him to be successful, and I know that he can be, he's just lazy like me. Maybe I should look for jobs in Minneapolis so that I can look after him. That's a good idea. He should just do a coding bootcamp, probably wouldn't be that hard for him, but unless he gets structure in his life, he probably won't do anything. Maybe he should use vyvanse. He should definitely stop drinking though. I'm going to make some resolutions for November that include no jerking off and meditating everyday. I really want my working memory to get to a point where I can do quick calculations and hold several pieces of information in my head at a time. I can't believe I lost my keys, but that's just something that I'll have to get over eventually. Phone is a huge distraction that I should keep away however possible when I'm trying to be productive. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Not finding a job.

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, I woke up relatively late after waking up and deciding to go to bed once again. I think that really sets my day to be pretty rough. After that, I ate a peanut butter bagel, stopped to get some pizza, and went to the library. At the library, I was able to get my journaling done, apply for some jobs, and get my Sorted sorted out, but I was unable to stay for too long—the call of League was too tempting. I went home, washed the dishes, and played a ton of League. That might have contributed to my worsening wrist problems. I need to set a break limit between games, perhaps something as easy as 5 minutes, to ensure my wrist health. I lost all the games that I played with Alex, 0-3, but I won the games that I played with Kendahl, 4-1. I'm not sure if it was me playing poorly or Alex, but those games did not go well. Alex needs to get better at warding and to pay more attention to the map while he's support, we get ganked way too frequently while we're pushed up without wards. It might be fine if we played mobile champs bot lane, but we play the most loser ass stationary champs in the game. Kendahl used the "stop being a bunch of n-words" pretty frequently, and I'd like that to change. Christina also came over and we discussed the trip to Florida. She'll be going there the day after Thanksgiving, I just wish everyone would get along better. She offered to pay for half of my ticket to Las Vegas so that I could hang out with Trey. I think I'll take her up on that offer. I just have to start cutting weight so that I'll be a strong climber. I watched Blood of Zeus with Alex, and that was pretty good. I want to help Alex out as well.

		 - [[The Economist]]
			 - What two medications are needed for at-home abortion treatments and what are they used for? 
				 - Mifepristone, which blocks the effects of progesterone, and misoprostol, which induces contractions. 

			 - How has Covid-19 changed the rules regarding abortion treatments in the U.K, Ireland, and France? 
				 - Instead of a doctor, women can arrange the abortion by phone and have the medications mailed in to them. Ireland is similar. France extended the limit from 7 to 9 weeks. 

			 - In July, a federal judge lifted regulations that required women to collect abortion pills from a surgery, clinic, or hospital because of the pandemic.

			 - [[The WHO has claimed that early-term abortions can be handled at home with no danger. In fact, the relaxing of these restrictions in the U.K have led to women getting earlier abortions, abortions that are inherently safer. ]]

			 - Does relaxing [[abortion]] restrictions increase the number of abortions carried out? #Box5
				 - A study by the [[Guttmacher Institute]], a pro-choice research group, found that increasing or decreasing restrictions do not change the abortion rate.

			 - What federal institutions make up the DHS? 
				 - FEMA, Customs and Border Protection, ICE, TSA.

			 - HBCU's are seeing a surge of interest and enrollment, perhaps due to Trump's insistence of their relevancy in his education platform. He claims he "saved" the HBCU. However, in the wake of the killings of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and additional social unrest, HBCU's have been gifted with massive influxes of cash that may have helped many stay afloat. We need long term investment of HBCUs, not one off token investments while they're politically popular. 

			 - Abortion by post is so necessary right now that it's difficult to imagine tenable arguments against it's expansion. It's necessity also strengthens the argument for the post service—although I imagine the overlap between those who want to the save the post office and those who are pro-choice is comparable to an eclipse. 

			 - Suga Yoshihide is the son of a farmer and a school teacher from Akita prefecture, a.k.a the boonies. He is the first LDP leader to not belong to any faction, and the first in 30 years to not inherit his seat from a relative. 

			 - https://online.seterra.com/en/vgp/3167 # 

			 - 
