---
title: September 9th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - As always, my great friends and loved ones. I have a good relationship with them all currently, especially my mom. I'm grateful that she has someone in her life; although, that's probably just selfish of me since I don't want to do any additional emotional labor. 

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - I just want to stay focused. I'm excited for [[Stephanie]] to be gone for a while so I can hang with the boys! 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You are loved. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm wondering if something like short term memory can be trained while I'm this old or if I'll always feel like kind of behind when it comes to memory. This is honestly a pretty big stressor for me, especially when I'm confronted with people like [[Stephanie]], but I think it's something that can be improved upon. Really, the issue is that I never find myself paying attention to anyone when they talk. [[Stephanie]], conversely, is so intent and focused on people when they talk. 

		 - The lacrosse ball felt really good today, and I it will end up doing a lot of good if I stay regular with the activity. There seems to be so much misinformation and bad science in the sport science field that I don't know what to think. I wonder if there is a way I can get to a point of actual fluency in this research. That seems like a pretty long goal, but I'll add it to the learn pile. That's something I'm really excited about, but I'm not sure what I can get accomplished in only a week? There's so much time to do stuff and so little time to learn anything. I really admire people who always seek out learning and are generally interested in what their friends and coworkers have to say. I'm going to make a template for people that I can fill out whenever I do something with them. 

		 - #Tolearn Memory Improvement

		 - #Tolearn Sports Science

		 - When is Steph's birthday? 
			 - June 25, 1998.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Nothin

- [[LoL]] [[Wave Control]] for Top
	 - What are some challenges with fast pushing at certain times? #Box5 #LoLtrivia
		 - Fast pushing on a cannon wave and when the wave line is closer to your turret.

	 - How can you punish a champ stuck under their turret? #LoLtrivia
		 - Proxy

- [[LoL]] [[Wave Control]]
	 - Check minion damage to see whether to push or not.

	 - How can you easily set up a freeze with [[teleport]]? #Box5
		 - By teleporting onto a caster or cannon minion.

	 - How do you [[cheater recall]] and why is it useful?  #Loltrivia
		 - If you get a 4 minion advantage by the 3rd wave, you can hard push and recall. It is useful to get an item advantage at minimal cost and to recover from bad trades.

	 - How can you establish an [[early push]]? #Box4 #LoLtrivia
		 - By abusing aggro by hitting the enemy champ so that their minions will attack you.

	 - How can you easily deny a [[freeze]] on the enemy laner? #LoLtrivia
		 - By moving into the turret to make sure your minions crash the turret.

	 - How can you check to see if enemy has top brush warded? #Box5
		 - By dragging minions into the wave to see if they de-aggro.

- [[League Notebook]]
	 - Champion: 

	 - Match-up:

	 - Date:

	 - W/L? & Time:

	 - Keyword Takeaways:

	 - Notes:

- [[League Notebook]] Thresh Swifte Gameplay
	 - Standardize your item set up. 
