---
title: October 23rd, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Healthcare professionals. I should really try and be more conscious of what I'm doing during the pandemic. 

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - A successful day of studying. I would like to do yoga with [[J]] at some point. Hopefully, he'll come and study. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - I think you're really starting to turn it around. I'm proud of you.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - How should I organize my studying? I will probably just pick a few books and cycle in between them. That's probably the best way to do it; that way, I distance the time in between my studying and I don't have to cram anything in. I want to find a system that will allow me to be the person I want to be. I'm also curious as to how vyvanse will affect me now. I remember it wasn't the greatest last time, but I still have a little hope. I wonder how Steph is doing. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Not finding a job. 

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, Thursday, I went to the gym with [[J]] and hit legs. It was a nice return to form, but I was worried about the amount of people and covid. I suggested that we start going earlier and then move to the library to study a little bit as he is on research and should be doing it anyways. I need to drop my prescription off, but it looks like that won't happen until later seeing as I'll be stuck at the gym. As J was dropping me off at the mechanic, he told me a story of how he helped pader to move some stuff, but unbeknownst to him, the boyfriend of the woman who sent him that nasty letter was there. It was cordial, but still kind of offputting that pader didn't tell him. He was also holding a bottle of cherry alcohol that had been given to him. Cars working great. Too great. So great that I had to drive my dad to bumfuck Lowell and help my dad move drywall for some odd reason. We had a generally decent talk while there, something that doesn't really happen. I didn't know that peacocks were allowed as pets really. I then continued to play a lot of league. I think now that I'll have access to vyvanse I can actually start practicing hardcore. I'm dragging [[Alex]] to Diamond. 
