---
title: November 2nd, 2020
---

- 1. What am I grateful for?
	 - My mother, she's always there when I need her. 

- 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
	 - Good day of studying. Maybe writing a cover letter.

- 3. Daily affirmations
	 - You're a life long learner, and you're capable of knowing so much.

- 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
	 - I really don't know how to fix bryce and mom's relationship. I thought I knew, but it's so much more difficult. It requires so much from each of them, as well as Jackelyn, to progress from this point. I'm just going to gently nudge them from this point on. I should probably see my niece at some point. The pandemic just makes it so hard to justify flying across the country. I don't want them to get sick, but I feel like I'm sacrificing my future ability to see if her I don't see her now. Maybe I don't know Bryce that well: that saddens me. I wonder how he views Trey and I. Is it with the same love that I ascribe to Trey, or is it something different? Thinking about it too long will make me sad. I'm finding it difficult to study this book on economics. I think it's so important to do what I'm doing, but man is it hard to keep to it. It likely triples or quadruples the typical amount of time it takes me to read a book, not to mention all of the upkeep I'll do long after I've finished the book. I should reread that book about studying that J has. I think he gets back today; I should check on him. Knee and wrist aren't doing all that well. Well, I suppose the wrist is alright on account of I haven't been climbing for a bit, but the knee is annoying as all get. I wish I would hear back from job applications. I just can't seem to present myself in the best possible light. I should definitely start preparing for that interview prep that I have on Wednesday, but that can start tomorrow with finalization of my questions on Wednesday morning. Once I start doing actual work, I'll have to refrain from using my phone: it takes a long time to recover from the negative effects from even looking at it once or twice. 

- 5. What am I worried about? 
	 - I want to be healthy to go to LV, but I don't think it would fit with what I'm trying to do in Florida.

- 6. Day Recall
	 - Yesterday, I played a ton of League. I got Chinese food from Rice Wok, General Tso's Chicken to be specific, that was relatively cheap. I finished The Queen's Gambit on Netflix, which was much better than I had hoped it was going to be, but the way she played did seem rather imaginative and the format for tournaments was wildly inaccurate seeing as they play much more than 1 game. Obviously, from an entertainment point of view, it's easier to condense the tournaments to singular best of 1 matches that narratively have an easier time with telling the story in an engaging manner. When there's 18 games, it's kind of hard to care about any of them except for the winning one, especially when so many end up in boring ass draws. They tried to make chess as exciting as possible, and for that I commend them. I then played a lot of League with Alex and Kendahl. 

	 - [[The Economist]] [[November 2nd, 2020]]
		 - Republican Short Termism

		 - Boom in new businesses.

		 - https://online.seterra.com/en/vgp/3163 #Box3

	 - 
