---
title: October 26th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My relative health and financial situation.  

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Getting a good workout in

		 - Getting some of that sweet, sweet LP

		 - Long day of studying.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're gonna be just fine.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Vyvanse, is it working? My memory is bad, but it's always been bad. Recalling names and places has just been harder lately. I think the best way to combat this would to just do some sort of homework or keeping my mind busy. Video games are good for it to some extent, but I should probably lean on some challenging content to keep myself on my toes. Maybe it's not as bad as I think it is, and I'm just worrying for no reason. I mean, I'm probably smarter than 80% of the population? I probably shouldn't do caffeine and vyvanse, those are a bad combination for sure. Imagine how much I could know if I didn't play so many video games. I'm not sure if my life would be better, but damn self-research is a bitch. Maybe when I'm settled in and have other responsibilities I'll be able to focus more heavily on things to learn. I should start french though, as it gets progressively more difficult as the years go on. That also might help my brain with recollection efforts.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - My injuries.

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, I got up and played a lot of League of Legends with the boys. It was a rather slow day, but I went over to J's house around 4 o'clock and we played Magic for 5 hours straight. Cube is still one of my favorite archetypes, and Trevor's cube is pretty fucking sick. J exploded a pen in the wash, which made Kyle and Kinsey pretty upset since Kyle's clothes got ruined as well. 
