---
title: October 27th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Good health, good friends, good mind. 

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Another good day of studying and applying to jobs. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You'll find a job in project management; you just have to keep looking. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I think my relationship with Steph has been getting relatively healthier. For myself, I'm finding myself in a better place with it as well. She is the one I want to be with: I just find it difficult to constrain myself and my future actions based on what she's going to be doing. She also has another year in school, which is something I'm not too worried about, but it does beg the question of if this is tenable in its current state. I can't really visit during the winter, but she'll be back for a majority of the time anyways. I can't wait to go climbing though; I'm feeling really strong. My wrist, although good for a while, is back to sort of bugging me, but I think this can be solved by staying off of it for a while. I think the flexibility is back, though. I should've done my week review. I think I love to get into patterns, and I struggle to adapt when those patterns aren't entirely met. I should learn to better react when situations come up and I can't exactly meet the expectations that I set for myself. It isn't failure. These are all ideals that I work to strive for: they are models. Models must move and fit specific situations, and I shouldn't get bummed out when I don't meet the arbitrary model that I set for myself. I think the vyvanse is going to be a very good boon for me, but it might just be [[J]] that ends up being the deciding factor in how hard I try and what I do. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Not finding a job. Getting [[Covid]] through my reckless activities. 
