---
title: September 11th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[Stephanie]], even when she's stressed out. 

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Doing this interview well. I'm not sure if I don't care or am just embarrassed? I would really like to get another job though.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're capable: you just have to get up every morning. Even when you don't, you aren't a useless person or anything. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Thinking a lot about job. My wrist and knee injuries. Wondering if I should prepare at all for this job interview. I'll probably just end up writing a few interview questions out about what Andrew told me. I hope Q gets the job so I don't have to. I'm worried about how long I would want to stay with the job because I make absolutely no money. Should I move out with my money/benefits? I think I'll probably end up moving out or something. I should definitely move out. Where would I go though? Try and find a place with [[Q]] or something. Maybe ask [[Jeff]] what he's thinking about. Could find a nice two bedroom for somewhat cheap. I should look around for people to maybe share a place with, even if it's just for a little bit, ya know? Month to month leases maybe or something like that. How does coffee affect me? Is it a positive relationship? I just drank a cup, and now I feel a little jittery. I really need to ask Bryce about possibly getting me a laptop or pitching in towards one. [[Stephanie]] is a little stressed right now: could be that she's starting her period, but I don't want to make that assumption really.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Embarrassing Andrew or making him reluctant to suggest me for future things because I didn't answer questions correctly or something like that. Also Kathy, but if I do everything she asks she will be happy with me, probably. 

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, [[Stephanie]] made me a delicious bean burrito that I repeated today. She had clinical, so I spent a lot of the day not doing anything. I remember being frustrated by my lack of effort, and I think that it was in part because I did not wake up and get ready at my usual time. I have only myself and my inability to quickly make decision to blame for that; however, it's not that serious. I think this is something that I can fix relatively quickly. I remember I got the airpods to work, and that fixed a lot of my issues. I still need to call my insurance agency
