---
title: September 7th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Steph, my family, my relatively decent health (these injuries aren't the biggest issue in hindsight). Friends, such as [[Andrew]] and [[J]], who always seem to push me to do better things. 

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Giving my application to [[David]] for the [[staffer]] position would be a nice start. It would do wonders for my mental health regarding my motivation towards applying for jobs and would make [[Andrew]] happy. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You got a 31 on the ACT you're plenty of smart xd. You're also pretty handsome, so that's neat

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - That conversation with Nigel was really out of the blue. Surely, he was trying to see if I was interested in going on a date with him or something? I don't think that I'm gay, but I always have those possible thoughts when I am around guys that are objectively attractive. I don't think this is something I want to pursue necessarily, but maybe I should tell [[Stephanie]]? I'm always thinking about my knee and wrist pain, but I'm genuinely optimistic about the future for the two. This typing thing could be an issue, but I don't think it's too bad compared to what I do at home. I expect a gradual recovery, at-least that's what I hope. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - I'm worried about relapsing into lazy fuck mode, but I don't think that I'll do it here while I'm in [[Marquette]]. I'm confident in myself and my ability to stick to this for as long as I'm here: I'm just worried that once I go home or something that I'll fall into bad habits.  

	 - 6. Random
		 - #Tolearn [[Grammar]]

		 - #Tolearn [[Benjamin Rush]]

		 - #Todefine [[Reticent]]

- ---------

- [[Weekly Review]]
	 - Reflection

	 - Learning Focus
		 - #Tolearn [[Grammar]]

	 - Reading Focus
		 - [[Discipline & Punish]]

		 - [[Prophet of Freedom]]

	 - Weekly Goal
		 - Stay consistent in my learning.

	 - Daily Goals

- ---------

- [[Grammar]] Verbs & Clauses #Box4
	 - Action verbs vs. state of being verbs
		 - What is another word for state of being verbs and what do they do? #Box4 #Grammar
			 - Linking verbs, and they simply show that something exists.

		 - Some verbs can be either, depending on whether or not they are linking 

	 - [[Verb phrases]]
		 - What is a verb phrase and what are its parts? #Box4 #Grammar
			 - A verb phrase is when a verb is made up of more than 1 word. It is made up of the auxiliary verb/helping verb and the main verb.

	 - [[Adverbs]]
		 - They modify verbs, are often in between helping and 

	 - [[independent clauses]]
		 - What is an independent clause? #Box4 #Grammar
			 - A group of words that contain a subject, verb, and expresses a complete thought.

		 - Connected via a [[coordinating conjuction]] and a comma.
			 - What are the 7 coordinating conjuctions? #Box5
				 - And, yet, but, so, for, nor, or

		 - [[independent marker words]] are connecting words at the beginning of an independent clause, but they require a semicolon before.

	 - [[dependent clauses]]
		 - What is a dependent clause? #Box4 #Grammar
			 - A group of words that contain a subject and verb but does not express a complete thought. 

		 - Often marked by a dependent marker word.
			 - Added at the beginning of an independent clause to make it into a 

	 - How do you connect an independent clause with a dependent clause? #Box4
		 - With a subordinating conjunction and a comma depending on whether the independent clause comes first or last. 

	 - What are some common errors to avoid with clause construction and how can they be solved? #Box4
		 - [[comma splices]] can be solved by inserting a period/semicolon in between clauses, or by using a dependent marker word in front of it.

		 - [[fused sentences]], or run on sentences, can be solved by inserting grammar in between the 

		 - [[sentence fragments]] can be solved by removing the dependent marker or finishing the thought. 
