---
title: October 29th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - THE BOYS. I want to do more for them, maybe I should make them pages. I could be the greatest friend ever.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Good studying and applying for jobs. Not losing games of league. Maybe doing a vod review at some point.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Your work outs are coming along nicely. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Should I confront individuals in the library who are breaking the rules? Does that mean that I'm a Karen? Is the word Karen inherently misogynistic against white women? I honestly don't like the word very much, but I think it does accurately describe a subset of the population that is incredibly annoying and a nuisance to literally everyone. Kathy and Dad were fighting again. I really need to move out, since I'm pretty sure that I'm a source of the problems to some extent. They have a terrible relationship; hopefully, having learned from bad relationships all my life, I'll be able to channel that into positive energy between me and Steph. I wonder when my package is going to go out to her. I wonder how she'll react. I should probably start thinking about Christmas presents as well, good lord knows she is. How does Vyvanse affect my work ethic and quality? I question its ability to make me think more clearly or thoroughly, but I do know that it motivates me to do things I wouldn't otherwise do. It also quells my hunger, making it a lot easier to focus on what I should be doing. I should set my sorted calendar up. I should also set up times with Adam to hang out. I should also reach out to David LaGrand to see if he needs any help with the upcoming election. I totally dig local politics, to some extent, and I think he'd be a great reference in the future to come. Honestly, I could see myself working for him at some point. I really need some hard skill that sets me apart from others. French, python, or something else like that. I think I'll stick to python for now, but I need a pair of headphones that I can use with my computer. I'm sure there are some headphones lying around that plug into a jack. I'm concerned about my wrist. I think I might have gone back into working out and climbing too quickly. Luckily, I have a break right now, but I should take it easy on the video games and be very reticent of my posture and any positions that begin to ache after awhile. Check up on J more often; he's a great friend and so are you. I should figure out this thing with [[Bryce]] and [[Mom]]. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Not finding a job.

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, I woke up relatively late and in somewhat of a stupor. Thankfully, [[J]] asked me to climb at 2 which sped up my day. I was able to do work at home and finish my morning Roam routine without needing to go to the library. I think that will go a long way in adhering to any routines: the realization that I can do this stuff at home if necessary. My climbing session was relatively strong, but [[J]] hurt his finger partway through which caused me to stop. He was struggling with having to work in the ICU at spectrum where Joe and Sarah King work. He has frequent nightmares about it and is unable to sleep properly because of it. He thinks he's ready to see Sarah in that space, but not Joe—best friends fucking your wife tend to do that to a man. It'll be difficult for him to focus during that time—a time that will be especially stressful and intense for him. It's twisted to think about, in more than a few ways, but this divorce has been healthy for J. There's no reason to fear, or to dread, the prospect of seeing his ex-wife: he's better off without her. Obviously this experience has been scarring for him, but continuing to be in that sort of relationship—where you fear your partner, can't share with your partner, and are brought down by your partner—would have been equally scarring. Imagine if he had a kid with her: he'd be doomed. Hopeless. Stuck in a relationship—I know who J is—trying to salvage a relationship with a heartless woman that doesn't care about him enough to make things function properly. This weekend will be a nice break for him. I'll just check on him when he gets back. 

		 - I had some really awkward conversations with people at the gym: I think I'm overstaying my welcome to some extent. I'll make sure to spread out the number of times that I go to the gym. I am excited to go climbing, however. 
