---
title: September 10th, 2020
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - All those who came before me that made my condition possible sans fear. Marquette would have been a sunset town, and living with a white woman would have been taboo in numerous ways.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Apply to more jobs. Honestly, I would like to hear back from any number of them, but maybe only if they were positive responses to move forward in the interviewing process.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're capable of focusing: you just have to believe in yourself and stick to the plan. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I get a little bit of tightness when looking at men. I don't honestly know if I get that with women, but maybe it's just from years of internalization that I don't want to be gay? If anything, I'm bi, but I don't think I care enough to ever pursue a guy, if that makes sense.  My toe keeps bleeding everywhere; I wonder if that is just a problem with me not reabsorbing my blood or something. My injuries aren't getting that much better, so I should probably just call the doctor and get an appointment for when I get back. I'm sad because I'm kind of excited to go home and play video games: I feel as if a lot of my progress will be undone unless I move out and find a job at some point. Whether or not that's true, I still find myself questioning my relationship with [[Stephanie]]. We got into somewhat of a fight and instead of trying to be conciliatory with her, I just got petty and angry for a little bit there. I find her displays of affection somewhat annoying, but I think that's because I probably have [[ADD]]? That's another thing I continue to question myself about. I think I'll also talk to the doctor about that one, although I'm not sure if my insurance will cover [[Vyvanse]], and I don't want to try anything else. Quenton getting that job is something I would probably feel bad about, but that's only because I have a selfish mindset. In actuality, I don't really want that job, but I would feel bad if he got it over me. That's unfair. He would be great at that work since he's better with people than me. If I fail to get it, that doesn't reflect on me at all, only on him and his ability.  

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Not too much, I think everything will get figured out in due time. 

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Yesterday, I woke up rather groggily and slowly: today is much better. I think it had to do with the quality of my sleep and being stressed out that another person was here, something I think I struggle with. We went to [[SuperOne]] and [[Meijer]] and got some bread, mochi, sushi (which was surprisingly good for price), and chips. It was raining, and [[Stephanie]] offered to drive up to the entrance of the store, but I declined. There's something about our dynamic that makes it weird to ask for things. I think it's because she's always second guessing my decisions or something like that. She made me a burrito that was surprisingly good; I think I like beans in my burrito as long as there's a lot of other stuff in it to. I should make breakfast burritos more often, when I get a place, that is. I didn't take a shower at night but in the morning, something I should do right now. My knee felt strange, but it was alright to walk on at the stores. I spent a lot of the day not doing anything and trying to figure out how to do my replay system for [[League of Legends]], but I ended up just watching a little bit of league on the bed. I had forgotten to do the chores that [[Stephanie]] asked of me, and I think she's getting a little upset about it. She had a good time at Clinical and liked her patient. I never know what to tell her when she asks me medical questions, but they kind of annoy me: I think she's wrong in her approach a lot, but I would never say anything. Going to bed was a rather quick endeavor for me; I wonder how [[Stephanie]] feels about it. I should ask. 
