---
title: February 8th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[Stephanie]]

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Getting a good workout in, since I'm probably not going to be doing much studying/applying to jobs

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Everything in the apartment will be alright. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm thinking of the apartment, really. I still have some stuff to move. I really have to go back and get hangers, and then I need to figure out where I'm going to put my socks and underwear. Just hang it up lmao. I'll ask J if I can shift some stuff around and if he wants to take his books. I really just need that cubby space to put my board games there. Besides that, I don't have too much stuff. I should probably order a large mirror though. Or maybe I can just go get one at target. I'll do any decorating afterwards though. Still need to figure out getting a job so that I can move out in time. I'm somewhat optimistic. Maybe I should reach out to George and have him get me a job at coinflip. I'm not sure what a startup necessarily needs from someone with no experience in managing projects, but I'm sure I can make it work. Is this even what I want to do haha? How strong are my interpersonal skills. I think I'll keep going at this for a while, and if it doesn't work out, hard switch to poli sci stuff in D.C. Getting to be a staff member with Warnoch or something would be really, really cool. How do I let him know I'm black, though? Just keep up the LinkedIn, I suppose. That really shouldn't be a problem. I do like how my new glasses look, though. Maybe I'll reach out to Rhonda and see if she can braid my hair.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
