---
title: February 2nd, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - J and Grace

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Apply to a few more jobs. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - These things come easy to you if you just work on structuring yourself

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Phone is a huge distraction. Maybe I should re-read on how much it saps your focus away from you whenever you switch tasks. I think it's something like it takes 15 minutes to get your brain back to the optimal locus for focus. I should probably just put it away for the entirety that I'm at the library, or at least just until it's time to take a break or something. Is it really safe to be in the library? I mean, I spend so much time at the gym I shouldn't really be worried about it. I think learning python could be really cool for me. I should probably just stick to one or the other (french or python) because otherwise I might not stick to either. Learning French would be super sick though, and it would be really good for my brain. I have the time, so maybe I should just do both? If I get to the library at ten, then that's 5 hours of time that I can spend on things. 1 hour for roam, 1 hour for reading, 1 hour for french, 1 hour for jobs, and 1 hour for python. That sounds like a really good breakdown, and the amount of work truly isn't that bad. I can even do more french at home by watching all of my anime in French. I'm just not the biggest self-starter, but maybe I can be. It's just that I like to do things perfectly and efficiently, and if I can't do that, I tend to just give up entirely. This has plagued me for a long time, but maybe I should finally do something about it. It's fine to half-ass things sometimes if the alternative is simply not doing it, I think. Of course I should talk about my relationship with Grace—how would I feel if Steph was talking to a guy as frequently and with such familiarity as I speak to Grace about. I think she understands she's one of my good friends, but she doesn't know our history together at all. I wonder what Grace thinks? I hate reading other people's minds, but I guess I keep so many secrets it's crazy. I should hang out with Adam tomorrow. What would we do though? Get coffee? He got the vaccine, so I should probably just climb with him or something. Damn I should really fix my knee, but I'd have to clean my room first to do that. Not a problem. I can do it today, in fact. Then I'll have space to do those weird glute bridges. I wonder what's gonna happen to that bill hahaha. Is it really fair that he can just charge me something and then charge me more after running my insurance? What a scam; that place was way too expensive. I wonder if that's really it. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Relationships woes.

	 - 6. Day Recall
