---
title: March 9th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[J]] and da homies.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Working well from home to see if it works well.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You can do this, and you can focus.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm thinking that I'm running at a bit of a time deficit. I sort of need to find a job and fast so that I'm not homeless/have to move in with my mom. Just really not what I need in my life right now. I really dig living alone (Kyle's not really here all that often), and I think I can make it work. I have to think about what to do with Steph, but maybe I'll just do that when we actually talk to one another. Life is so hard. I am really liking the way I look though, so that's nice. My mom is another issue that I have to deal with. I know she's going through a lot, but when we're on the phone, it just feels like I have nothing to say. I'm pretty bad at offering support, huh? I don't even know where to begin, and it stresses me out a lot. I hope she doesn't die. I should probably check on her more. I knew it was so stupid that she would hang out with people inside, especially since winter and vaccine distribution is so close to being done. Hell, she almost got a vaccine herself. What is it about humans and their inability to wait even though the goal is practically in sight. Two months, two months! That's all we need. Maybe I should be more careful? Although, the risk does go down every single day that we get closer to May. We're trending slightly back up, but I wonder if that'll go down because of the nice weather. Holy shit, nearly 22% of adults are vaccinated in Kent county. That's way more than I thought. When will we reach herd immunity? Do I even have to get a vaccine? I'm definitely going to get one, but I think it's funny to imagine that I might not even have to. I wonder what percentage of people are anti-vaxx. Wow, Sydney and Amy are so bat shit crazy for not believing in vaccines. The fact that they won't let Grandma get one is baffling. I hate those types of people who think they're smart just because they do "alternative" research. What makes your research any better in your mind? Bitch, at least smart people crafted mine. You have absolute lunatics making false claims. That's crazy. The world is crazy, to be honest. I just have to do my best to stay strong and study hard. I can do this. Don't be tempted. Stay strong. Do all of the things that you set out to do, even in the face of temptation. Temptation is nothing, willpower is everything. You can meditate everyday, you can read everyday, you can study everyday, and you'll get smarter everyday. You'll get stronger everyday. You'll get more compassionate everyday. You'll be more informed everyday. It's not just for a job; it's for your life. It's for you to be a better person, more temperate, more disciplined, and, in the end, more happy. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - NOT SHIT

	 - 6. Day Recall

	 - Why does elaboration improve your memory? #Box4
		 - Because it links your memory to several other memories that then creates a richer web of information. 

	 - How to elaborate more #Box4
		 - Thinking of examples.

		 - Asking why

		 - Connecting to personal experience.

		 - Conceptual understanding

	 - How to use imagery with names, places, words. #Box23
		 - Imagine a pun, basically. 
