---
title: April 30th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My drive

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - 4 hours, so till 2:30 doin work.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You are incredible and needed.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm thinking of what is my drive? What gets me out of bed everyday. What can I lean on, or rather, what pushes me forward. Motivation is what you lean on. Drive is that insatiable, unstoppable force that propels you to the finish line. It is inside you. Is it learning? Am I lying to myself when I say that? Or do I really mean it.  Maybe it's treating my family, Bryce, Trey, and my Mom right. Maybe I want to get to a point where I can provide for them myself. What is my drive? Is it to be more present in my relationships. To realize my full potential as a human? To be the greatest person that I can be. I don't want to every worry about what could have been. I want to realize that in my own life. I don't want to worry about my life ever again. I want to be sure. I want to go forward everyday with that ethos in mind. I want to know I want to grow I want to learn so much that my brain can't hold it all. I want to form my own unique opinions about things with a wealth of knowledge at my disposal. I want to be an expert, prolific, and I want to be knowledgeable about every little thing. I want my brain to work at 100% when it's go time. I don't want it to stop. I want to do everything with intention. That's my drive. I drive to know my friends and my family better. I drive to know myself better. I drive and I drive and I drive. I learn and I absorb. I study hard, and I study smart. Nothing gets past me. I can do anything I want to do. I can learn calculus. I can learn advanced math. I can do all of that and I'm not bad at anything. I just have to work hard at it. I can do it because I care and I am driven. I will read and read and read and read. I will retain my knowledge. I will use it appropriately and accurately. Quotes, tidbits, and themes are at my disposal, and I can use them in conversation. Fun words and ideas are introduced to me and I can bask in their glory. I will learn, and I will transform. But I am still Chase. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Nothing. 

	 - 6. Day Recall
