---
title: February 26th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[J]] although he better get me some bread today. 

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Applying to two research positions.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're lookin really good.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Hmm, I can't focus too well today. I wonder if that's part of some self-fulfilling prophecy or if there is something actually going on. I woke up a bit earlier and watched maybe too many videos in the morning? I think I still got 8 hours of sleep, though. Maybe I should try and get into a stricter schedule? I'm doing things pretty well right now, though, and I don't really want to ruin that. I'll just stick to the course; it's probably that I just started later and didn't want to start work immediately after entering the library. Besides that, this Steph thing is going to really weigh me down, isn't it? I know she cares for me, but at this point, how much do I really care for her. God, that sounds terrible. Maybe it's just the drugs talking. I do tend to lose interest in things, so maybe that's it? Why do I feel so enthralled by Grace currently. Oh God, these are bad thoughts. Well, I am a human. I shouldn't beat myself up about it, but I should resolve to fix it. Am I just without hope? Do I really not think we'll be able to do this? I doubt it. Hahaha J was absolutely useless yesterday. Why couldn't he just have a normal wedding? Ugh. I'm kind of disappointed that I won't be able to stand in his wedding, even though I'm not sure I would've stood in the first place. I definitely would have, lmao. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall

- What is percentile and why are there two ways of calculating it? #Box4
	 - Percentile is the percentage of the data that is below the data point. It can include or not include the data point. 

- What is z-score and it's formula? #Box4
	 - Number of standard deviations away from the mean. (x - mean) / standard deviation

- What are the types of distributions? #Box4
	 - Normal, bi modal, skewed left/right.

- What is the empirical rule? #Box4
	 - That the amount of data contained within 1 standard deviation of the mean of a normal distribution is 68, 2 is 95, 3 is 99.7. 
