---
title: April 20th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Zavier and my family; I should reach out to Christina and see what she's doing.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Doing my French stuff and applying to a job or two. or three.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're looking good.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Damn. Fix your knee, Chase. Just do the exercises and see if they work. You know that immediate results aren't possible, just look how long it took you to see change in your body after you started working out. It takes time. Don't fret. Don't despair cause you feel like it won't get better. It's not permanent. You have to do something, though. It won't go away on its own. Stick to it for three weeks and see how it's going. Got it? Yes, Chase. I need to stop talking to Grace lmao. Damn I wanna go on a trip. Too bad you can't really go anywhere because of covid. Stretch and do your knee stuff, remember. Oh, I can finish Conflicted and write up some notes about it. Should I do permanent notes? Do those help? Yeah, probably. Any amount of thinking that I'll have to do is probably beneficial. Tomorrow you're going to have to hit people up on linkedin. I know you don't want to do it, but you have to get out of your mom's apartment. I will start spss and excel, one hour a day. Those are useful skills that even if I don't use them in my next position, they will come in handy eventually. Those are things that you'll always probably need. I really want my first position to be in like something I could see my career going. I want to work a technical role. Not some joe schmoe anyone can do these things. You had a lot going for you with the EPIC and Keyot stuff, but now it's time to hunker down and keep going. Don't dwell on the past; that's not like you. You know the future is all that you have, and you have to keep going. The fact that you got those interviews is proof of concept enough. Just harden you skills and buckle down. You'll get there eventually, I know it. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
