---
title: February 25th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[J]] that's the homie

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Well I already applied to two sick jobs and got 210 on bench. So I'm all set.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're big and strong.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Honestly, the Steph thing isn't freaking me out as much I thought it would be. I feel somewhat at peace, but sort of waiting for the inevitable. It's a shame, but I really don't think our paths are going to line up. She simply is at a different state in life. It doesn't help that I think I need someone who is a bit more similar to me or I'll find it difficult to stay connected with them. I think I realized that, and I'm sorry if I wasted Steph's time or broke her heart. I think she needs the same thing, too. I should study French everyday. Either that, or I should study up on some statistics. Maybe I should just do the Khan Academy stats stuff. I don't think I'll need other math, and I can brush up on it if I need to. I need to have Phil reach out to me though. I'll call Monday if he doesn't by tomorrow. I'm excited to work for them, and I think it'll be a really good experience. Plus, my whole job will just be learning! Wait, that's kind of sick, actually. Why was I lured down the path of project management? Oh well, no harm no foul, I suppose. I think I should stick to applying to these positions. I kind of want to wait to hear back from them before applying to more. Eh, I should just do two a day and be prepared to do a good job on them. Two a day, that's all I need. I can do that. I can find that. I hope my mom's doing alright; she's been kind of in the dumps lately. I would like to hang out with her outside, if possible. I think it would be dumb to risk it when we're so close to herd immunity or personal vaccinations. I wonder how vaccinations are doing. Looks like we've slowly been trending downward. Maybe I should open up to J about how I feel. That's kind of hard. I wonder what he feels? I can just tell him me and Steph aren't doing that well, but I don't know because maybe I don't want us to do well? Is she kind of a burden to me right now? I guess maybe, but I know that I've made decisions like this before and had them bite me on the ass. How do I know what I really feel? I think it changes everyday. I'll start stats next week; maybe I should get back to using Sorted more often. I definitely need to put the car appointment on. I also kind of need J to pick me up hahaha. I'll ask him afterwards.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
