---
title: February 23rd, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[J]]

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Getting a few good application into political analyst positions

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're actually doing pretty well for yourself, good job. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Oof, that conversation I had with [[Stephanie]] yesterday was not very good, and it seems like she doesn't really want to break up with me. Which is a good thing and a bad thing. On a positive note, it means that she really likes me and wants to put in the work, but, on a negative note, it also means that if I do decide to break up, it's going to be all the more difficult. I'm not too worried right now, but I think if she keeps pushing it I will be? I'm kind of who I am, and I don't really want to change all the much from where I am currently. Kyle seems to be alright with me so far, but I do need to spread up the job process because this isn't going to last forever. I want to find a job somewhere far away and start my own little thing. Get a little studio or something somewhere. I think it would be good for me. Of course, I'd have to find the nearest library. I wonder if I could keep doing my thing there. Life is so funny sometimes. I just wish my mom and my father would get their things figured out; it kind of drains me sometimes. I don't want to be the person responsible for figuring out their problems, necessarily. I know I should be better, and I should help them out more. But I have my own problems. I have things I need to do and things I need to improve on. Maybe one of those things is empathy for others, but that's a little too sappy. I should see a counselor once I have the means. Patrick? Is that the name of my old counselor: the giga chad. That's what I'll call him instead. Ahh I need to work on my math and clean my car out. I'll just do that afterwards, after I'm done studying with everything. I should probably take it to the car wash on Michigan so I can vacuum everything out. I'm kinda bummed about the scratches though; that was kind of stupid. I'll try not to dwell too much on the past though. Right now I just need to stay focused and active: to victory!

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
