---
title: March 8th, 2021
---

- When was Wealth of Nations published? #Box4
	 - 1776

- What are scarce resources vs free resources? #Box4
	 - Scarce resources have a limited supply but an unlimited want. Free resources do not have a limited supply.

- What are the 4 factors of production? #Box4
	 - Land

	 - Capital

	 - Labor

	 - Entrepreneurship (Tech)

- What is financial capital? #Box4
	 - Any economic resources measured in its monetary value used to buy what is needed

- What is capital in terms of production? #Box4
	 - Goods that are used to produce other goods e.g factories, tools, software 

- What are the opposite of capital goods? #Box4
	 - Consumption goods. 

- What are rival goods? #Box4
	 - Goods in which one person's usage limits another from simultaneously enjoying that good e.g roads during rush hour.

- What are simplifying assumptions? #Box4
	 - Assumptions made in order for economic models to run smoothly. They are generally not real. 

- What are normative vs positive statements? #Box4
	 - Normative statements are rules based or how things ought to be. Positive statements are verifiable. 

- What are the 3 main tenants of property rights? #2
	 - Exclusivity, enforceability, and transferability. 

- What are price signals and why are they important? #Box4
	 - Price signals is information conveyed to consumers and producers, via the price, to signal an increase or decrease in the quantity of a good. 

- What does ceteris paribus mean? #Box4
	 - All things equal. 

- What are production possibility curves? #Box4
	 - They are models that list the possible outcomes of the production of two goods when both depend on the same finite resource. Production of one good will only increase as the other decreases.

- What are production possibility frontiers? #Box4
	 - PPF is the efficient allocation of resources to produce along the curve. Points on the curve are efficient, and points inside are inefficient. 

- What is opportunity cost? #Box4
	 - The cost of potential gain at the expense of another alternative.

- What are 3 ways that models can have opportunity costs? #Box4
	 - Increasing, decreasing, constant opp cost.

- What is it called when the PPF shifts? #Box4
	 - Growth or contraction. 

- What is marginal cost? #Box4
	 - The cost of producing one more unit. 
