---
title: July 1st, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My professors and my references.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Getting food with [[Stephanie]]

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You are loved.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Nothing that I really want to get into today. I think I might be bi, but I don't think I'm sexually interested in men. I think it's just more about the kinship that I might have with them. I think I will need something who's interested in games and the like to really connect with them. Thinking of the poetry podcast that I listened to

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall

- Podcast
	 - Title: [[Dana Gioia on Learning, Poetry, and Studying with Miss Bishop]]

	 - Guest: [[Dana Gioia]]

	 - Tags: #Education #Poetry #Fulfillment #EconTalk

	 - Notes: #Box1
		 - Podcast mostly centered on discussion between Russ and Dana going on about the virtues and importance of poetry in public life. Poetry is a force that is almost primordial in nature; every living society has used and sprung from spoken word and traditional poetry. They go on a lot about how poetry speaks more than to strict literary analysis and touches your humanity in a way that general prose does not. It is evocative of situations and memories that you can feel with your entire being, rather than just your analytical brain. 

		 - They also go on to talk about how poetry is a powerful force for the education of society. As former chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts, Gioia brought back poetry in a number of public schools around the country. Gioia claims that it is one of the most successful subjects and that children love poetry when they don't have to critically analyze it. I think that's what made me iffy about poetry. Of course I do like analyzing things, but when poetry becomes just another piece of text to analyze, it loses it's special character. It loses the ability to speak freely to your emotions. I would love to get back into poetry. 

		 - They also talk about the joy that is having kids and having a partner to share your life with is. They claim that poetry allows one to understand things sometimes that they might not understand. If someone goes up to me, extolling the virtues of marriage and childrearing in a way that doesn't evoke my emotions, they 

		 - Poetry is transformative. Memorizing poetry would be a nice step towards just being more adept at speaking, but also a way of allowing me to explain my emotions. They also talk about the hidden world. Gioia has a nice poem about this, actually, called "Unsaid.
			 - So much of what we live goes on inside—

			 - The diaries of grief, the tongue-tied aches

			 - Of unacknowledged love are no less real

			 - For having passed unsaid.  What we conceal

			 - Is always more than what we dare confide.

			 - Think of the letters that we write our dead.
