---
title: May 4th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My ability to stay focused.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Get through some interview stuff.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Looking big and strong. Strong start to your day.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Thinking of my relationships with the boys and Steph. I'm really going to miss everyone when I eventually must leave. I wonder how good of friends I'll stay with everyone. Will I find more J and Adams wherever I go? I don't really want to. Sounds like a lot of work. I wonder how we even fell in together in the first place. There are a few things that I have to get done? Maybe I'll write a checklist at the bottom. I wonder if checklists are part of the things that help you stick to plans better. I think I can keep sticking to this as long as I don't get tired. I wonder what that's all about? Why do I have to take a nap everyday? I should be nicer to my mom and like talk to her more, but she makes it kind of difficult. I should probably help her lose weight as well. She won't work out though and that's kind of frustrating. I think I do much better with a loose schedule than with a strict schedule. I should also probably put my phone away as it's a pretty big distraction for me. Should get my plans sorted out, though. Look into more pomodoro maybe? I feel like I'm in a pretty good spot, but man I wish I could get more interviews. Interview are hard though, especially with my lack of hard skills. I could just lie, though, and I think I plan on doing that. I need to brush up on my skills for sure, though. I wonder if everyone feels like this. I do wish that gnawing in my stomach would go away when i think about these things. Maybe that's just part of it though? I need to be confident in these positions, so I need to show them that I'm confident in the interview and in speaking. If you listen closely to people who talk on NPR and what not, you'll understand that people use filler words all the time, even professionals. It doesn't sound unnatural or that they're stammering or anything like that. You don't even really pick up on it. You are going to need to get to stretching though. They say you should journal about negative things. I should think about my knee and get serious about fixing it. I plan on doing knees over toes program like I should. It feels fine now, but when I do squats in the gym it felt a little iffy. I hope it's not a problem when I go in the woods. oh shit horseshoe hell sign up and names.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall

	 - Checklist
		 - DONE Ask Si about devils

		 - DONE Interview schedule mock

		 - DONE Order phone case 

		 - DONE Look into Japanese studies 

		 - TODO French

		 - TODO Read new books

		 - DONE Look into J present

		 - TODO Stretch and work wrists

		 - DONE Roam on mobile?

		 - TODO Permanent notes for conflict.
