---
title: June 22nd, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Having a job

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Hanging out with J and the gang, doing a good amount of studying, emailing Isabelle's mom.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You've got a big ol brain

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Holy moly I have no idea what to do about the Steph situation. It seems like she wants to do long distance, but for some reason I'm not so sure about it. I know it was hard for me, but am I just misremembering exactly how hard it has been? Do I want to be in a relationship in a new city? With J and Adam gone, it'll be hard to talk about my feelings with someone if I didn't have Steph. But is that selfish? Do I love her? I don't know. My feelings vacillate between love and disinterest all the time. Am I loyal? Does she deserve someone who might treasure her more than me? It's hard to think. I don't have the answer. Is my questioning indicative of a bigger problem? Does everyone go through the trials of uncertainty? It's not clear. Certainly not J, however. Should I ask him for advice? He gets in the way too much. I am probably able to just think it over myself. I should just continue to talk to Steph about it. Distance is hard though. I don't want to lose a friend, but am I just worried for her feelings? What about my own? I have a lot going on, and I don't know what to do. I should make a checklist for things I have to buy for my new place. All the essentials, of course, but then there's the question of what kind of furniture I'm going to need. I should just make a checklist and start plugging away at it. It's going to cost me a pretty penny, that's for sure. I also need to start thinking about what I want to wear. I really need to lose weight or else nothing is going to fit how I want it to. It's just my fucking thighs; they're really too big. Phones are probably bad for my productivity, huh. Anything else I'm worrying about? Not really. I should just read [[The Economist]] and call it a day. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

- What is the definition of compunction? #Box4
	 - A feeling of guilt or moral scruple that prevents or follows the doing of something bad. 

- Who is the new Pm of Israel? #Box4
	 - Naftali Bennett
