---
title: April 29th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - The boys

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Getting work done till 6:00

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You are capable and so is your brain. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm wondering how much of an effect journaling actually has on my life. Things don't tend to change too quickly for me, but maybe I'm just not focusing on the right things. There are plenty of things to think about, but I think that I get bogged down by just a few things. Is this an actual observation or just my rambling again. I should probably try and help Alex somehow; the dude obviously has some mental health issues going on. I should try and be a better friend, but how do I motivate myself to do better? How do others self-motivate? It seems to come intrinsically for so many people. I wonder what J's thought process is for the majority of his day. Where does he find his energy? Is it born from habit? Was he just built differently than me? How much is nature and how much is nurture. I feel like finals are over, and I'm just here typing away. I gave them enough money; they can bugger off. I should still try and travel somewhere. I should really keep brushing up on my French. I struggle to stay consistent with that. I should look up more about the neuroscience of thinking and forming new habits. They do a lot of research on that topic. I should also stay prepared for this interview I have going on. Let me schedule a mock interview on tuesday so that I can be prepared. Did that. I'm just have to stay in sort of a manic sort of mode where I do things immediately without delay. What if I just start doing that? I see an application I want to do and instead of pushing it away I just do it immediately. Can I do that? Am I capable. I feel this rising in my chest like I can. I know I can. I just have to do it. Change your mindset. Don't do all this dilly dallying about and just fucking do it, Chase. Prepare for that now, not later. Read that now, not later. Just do it for 5 minutes and stop if you really can't. NO 10. Stop pussy footing around. You need to grow up and get out of the house. Stop getting distracted by reddit, too. You should probably just delete it and your life would improve exponentially. Change your fucking addresss you twat. K cool did that. Sign up for the fellowship now. Ok I can't do that because I still have a hold on my acccount lmao. I might have my transcripts saved to my desktop, though. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Not finding a job, but it'll work out in the end. 

	 - 6. Day Recall
