---
title: February 10th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - [[Stephanie]]

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Apply to a couple jobs.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You can do this.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm thinking that I really have to start getting up earlier. I'll just set my alarm right now, actually. I'll get up, stretch, meditate, and then start my day. I really need to get up earlier because J has been wanting to workout earlier. I don't really like the is it gonna be 1 or is it gonna be 3 game, but I do appreciate that we can go when no one is there. I enjoy my glasses, but I should buy some clothes as well. I really should just get some pants tailored; I wish I could go over to Grace's and get that sorted out with Mary. I should have her teach me how to do it better. I'll look up a little guide beforehand so it looks like I'll have remembered what she taught me. I would like to start some hobbies, but it's hard with my brain. I wonder if I should be taking vyvanse. It definitely helps in situations like these. Damn I really need to apply for jobs. I wonder what the hell my dad is thinking right now. Calling my mom, really? Why's he being so nice. Idek how long he's gonna be at the house for. I should really go and get my desk I guess I could do it after I workout today. I think it'll just fit in my backseat, but who knows. I guess I could measure it, but that would be dumb. Sneezing with your mask on is so disgusting lmao. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
