---
title: February 4th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Opportunity. The chance to live in a first world country, even if it is America.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Applyin to jobs, baby.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You're liked and loved.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping
		 - I think one of the main drivers behind me wanting a job is that I can talk to my high school friends without feeling left behind or dumb haha. For example, Quenton, one of my good friends, just isn't smarter than me. I know he might be better with people, but I don't think he's more well-spoken or thoughtful. This is a big thing for me, actually. I've always felt better than those around me. I think I should take a step back and appreciate others better, because I'm just tearing them down in my head. All that matters anyways is how hard you work. Chances will come as long as you search for the opportunities (and don't flub the big ones due to lack of prep). I wonder how different my life would be. It's no use doing that; it's a fools errand. I should just think about the present and think of how I can improve myself. Starting with my mental math. Idk why, but it has just been so bad for the past few years? I feel like I remember being much better at it, but maybe that was longer ago than I thought. It's really a visualization and attention issue, I think. I've also kind of forgotten how to do long multiplication and long division. I can find shortcuts around it, but maybe I should try and start doing multiplication in my head. I need to do a better job of maintaining relationships. My memory would probably be better served if I started doing day recalls more often? Is there a finite memory cap? That's preposterous, right? Yeah, that's silly. Of course there isn't, or at least, there isn't one that's meaningful given my level of memory. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
