---
title: February 9th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - J

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Maybe cleaning up the rest of my room? Getting J's boxes down from the attic and putting mine up there. I should also go climb with Adam. Daily yoga in the morning. Meditation should start back up too. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - All it takes is one step to get started. Things will follow. 

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm thinking of everything I need to get done in the house. I'm really hoping that [[Stephanie] comes down to visit; it might be the last time I see her really before I move and what not. I really should get a job oops. I've been trying though; hopefully, I'll just get this Goldman Sachs job, but I shouldn't rely on it too much. I need to probably commit some time each day to interviewing skills. I guess I can start waking up earlier since I don't wanna be on the computer too late. Maybe I should pick chess back up? Not sure. I don't really have much else to organize, but I should pick up some hangers. I tried to tell Trey that I won't be ready, but I wonder how he's gonna take it. If I get all of my clothes hung out, my room is honestly gonna be looking pretty fresh. I really wanna get on this bulking train. I think I can stick to it; I just need J to make me some smoothies; or, I could just go over to his house and use his vitamix every once in a while—every week, most likely. How big do I really want to get, though? I should also take this weekend to play magic with people. Scott's probably pissed about not being able to open his cards yet. I should tell him we can draft this weekend, but where should we do it? Holy shit I hope I'm able to be vaccinated soon, but I guess corona virus numbers aren't even really that bad. Especially with all of the people being vaccinated, I think the number of cases is just going to continue to go down. Well, they did recently open up restaurants, which is a little concerning. I should be fine. How much weight do I really want to gain, though? Should I just dirty bulk? It's going to be a lot harder now that I have to pay for my own food haha. I could probably still get my dad to make me some food every once in a while. An additional meal could definitely help the bulk out. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Steph

	 - 6. Day Recall
