---
title: June 18th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - Everyone in my life.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Just feel like I did something, really. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You got a job!!

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Nothing really. I'm just gonna read [[The Economist]] today, I think. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall

- How much have minerals used in electric cars and renewable energy sources soared in 5 years? #Box4
	 - Basket of 5 minerals used in these things have soared 140%. 

- War between far left and far right leader in Peru 
	 - Who is the autocrat that has ruled Peru in the 1990's and who is his daughter? #Box4
		 - Alberto Fujimori and his daughter Keiko Fujimori who is running for the presidency currently against Pedro Castillo 

- Global tax reform
	 - Minimum of 15% globally and a tax reallocation to countries where the firms have sales. Meagre results but important in a global restructuring of taxes that promises fairness and openness. 

- What is samizdat? #Box4
	 - The clandestine copying or distribution of banned books and other reading materials, especially in the former soviet bloc. e.g. a samizdat newspaper. 

- Phonics vs other forms of literacy teaching.
	 - Mississippi, thanks to its new literacy standards, has moved from 49th in reading to 29th.

- Biden is setting records for the least amount of deportations.
	 - Obama deported nearly 60% more people than Trump. 

	 - 
