---
title: March 4th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - J

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Idek, I don't really want to raid lmao. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - You'll get through it.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - It's so hard to evaluate how I'm actually doing in terms of openness. Obviously, Steph would've been the ultimate decider, but I just feel like it wasn't that bad. I'm never gonna say that to her so that I don't minimize things, but it's just tough living with it. Apparently what she was asking for was, in fact, too much for me. I'm not lazy, but I do have to tell myself to do things, even if I want to do them in the end. I've already sort of resigned myself to ourselves breaking up, which, while unfortunate, will probably end up being good for me. I think I learned a lot from it, and I hope I don't repeat the same mistakes again. You have to be more open, but you won't always be more expressive. You don't have to feel bad about that; it's just who you are. I'm a careful, quiet guy when it comes to relationships. Is this just excuses, though? I don't want to have to fake anything: I want things to come naturally. I don't think that's enough for Steph, but that's fine. I don't envy the next person that I fall for, but I hope at least I'll be in a state where I can focus on our relationship. Don't feel bad, Chase. The worst is over. J will continue to be your friend. Do I want to be friends with Steph? I don't think she'll want to, really. That's going to be tough: it's not "fine." In the end, you'll get over it. I just need to focus on the difficult things. Don't run from things, they'll always catch up with you. Damn, did I forget my airpods, again? Hahaha, I didn't, but I did wish, for a split second, that I had. Maybe the stats thing won't work out. Hopefully, it will. Damn, don't date your friends. Unless of course you know that they're the one. What is love? Why don't I feel it. I'm not expressive. Will I ever be? Am I worried that I won't? I don't require constant pick-me-ups, but I guess they're nice.  Maybe, in the end, it just wasn't the most important thing to me. But then again, my brain has a way of not doing the things I want to the most. Did I ever do something special for Steph? I didn't. That hurts. Hurts to know I wasn't that great. I would've never been great, though, so I guess it's best that it ended now and not later. No reason to drag it on like that. I'm just a regular degular nigga, in the wise words of [[Quenton]]. Maybe I'm a quitter, hahaha. Do I have more thoughts on it? It feels like a weight is definitely on my shoulders right now, but maybe I'll just dedicate myself to more stoic philosophy. At least I can look at asses and not feel bad about myself. I'm thankful for Steph. I still obviously care about her, and I shouldn't pretend otherwise. Of course I'd still want to be her friend. I just think I need to find myself. I need to dedicate myself to improvement, and I don't need to drag her down or have her drag me down while I'm doing it. You have all the motivation within yourself. You do things for yourself. Hopefully, they'll end up helping others. Well, to help others is to help yourself. Altruism isn't real. Everything you do is because it makes you feel better or you think it will. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall
