---
title: March 1st, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My friends and family.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Should probably call Bryce and Brandon.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Those think tanks will get back to you.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I have absolutely no clue what to do about Steph hahaha. Oh shit, I have to work out today, don't I? Well let me just get in a groove real quick, then. I keep getting tickets even though we should be done with odd/even parking! There's no snow on the ground! Absolute bullshit, honestly. Parking services are such pricks. Not the people, obviously, just the institution itself. I understand it, but I don't really understand odd/even that well. Eh, I'm just being a bit of a baby, aren't I? Investments are just all about luck to some extent, and that's kind of frustrating. Why did I choose the wrong stocks? Why did I choose the wrong time to buy. I should just sell my Hasbro stock. I should also just put my money into an investment account, because I don't think I have the DD to make wise investments. God people in the library who talk are literally the worst. They should be bombed from the heavens. Ugh, I don't really want to talk; I feel pretty rough today. I wonder why that is. Well, I should just get to crackin on my applications. Maybe that will help me recover from my funk.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?

	 - 6. Day Recall

- What were the 3 main pillars of stoicism according to Zeno, and what did they mean? #Box4
	 - Mutation - everything is undergoing constant change. 

	 - Monism - everything can ultimately be referred to a single unifying principle.

	 - Materialism - everything, even thought, has some sort of bodily substance.

- What did the stoics divide knowledge of things into? #Box4
	 - Logic, physics, and ethics. 

- When was Marcus Aurelius born? #Box4
	 - 121 A.D in the reign of Hadrian.
