---
title: February 1st, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - All the supportive people in my life.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Maybe finishing invisible cities? Cracking open some good ol books.

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Just see how the drugs work and you can figure it out from there.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - I'm thinking that my fingernails are annoyingly long. How tenable is my relationship with Steph, and do I risk losing Grace's friendship if I continue like this. I sort of wish I didn't have any feelings for Grace, but am I sure that I even do? Most likely. I feel like Hori in Horimiya, and I wish I could just pretend so that we could stay in this same situation forever. Can men truly have female best friends that aren't gay? I feel like they always fall for me, not to be conceited or anything. I guess maybe I am attractive? I should reach out to my friends and see what they're doing. I just wish I had something lined up so it didn't seem like I was a lazy piece of shit, which I am—sometimes. I should reach out to Katherine; I think she's my other best female friend, and who I can never be attracted to. Maybe that's the issue: attraction. I can't even figure out my own feelings though. What is a spark? Am I looking too hard for things? What are butterflies? I got them distinctly with Grace, especially when I had to ask her to prom. Does that compare to the nervousness I felt when I solidified my relationship with Steph? Is this going to haunt me forever? I sure hope not. I should start on my course, but I forgot my headphones. Sometimes I feel too stupid to grasp things, but I wonder what it's like for other people. 

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - The future.

	 - 6. Day Recall
