---
title: April 16th, 2021
---

- 1. What am I grateful for?
	 - Networks, I should get some more of them tbh. 

- 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
	 - Eat some motherfuckin sushi and do your french stuff you loser.

- 3. Daily affirmations
	 - You're a good worker just gotta keep it up.

- 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
	 - It's been a while since I've done one of these. I should probably break up with Steph, huh? I don't think I should have this much confusion about our relationship if it should be healthy. I fantasize too much about other people, and don't even get me started on how I talk to Grace. Grace is kinda wild. I still need to find a job, and the fact that I'm thinking about DC just because of Grace is kind of worrying. I should probably figure that all out, huh? I need to find a job so badly, fuck. I also want to go travelling alone though—Sarah was right. That'll be fun, but I need to improve my French a little more to have a good time. That's why I'm gonna go hard on the French. I'm committed to studying everyday. I can also read my other books today, huh. I can also apply to at least one job. Those applications are no joke sometimes. I didn't get a response back from a lot of the research analyst roles, which is disappointing. But, I think it's because I didn't do much in undergraduate. I should've done more specific internships centered around policy. I need to reach out to people on linkedin as well as respond to the stupid fidelity investments application. I don't really want that job, but should I really be that picky? Probably. Maybe I should go back to school haha. I'll think about it more. I hope I don't have to end up coding. Wow, I really need to find out what I like to do, huh? Maybe I should take as many opportunities as possible. I guess I should just start speaking to more people, huh. I find that I don't get a lot out of those conversations, though. Even still, it's good practice just to be able to talk to people like that in a professional manner. I would still need to prep for it, though. I'm a little nervous about that kind of thing sometimes, but I think I'll get over it. Hahaha I can't believe I didn't even get an interview at my own school. Maybe it was the cover letter? I could've laid it on a bit too thick, huh. I meditated today: I'm proud of that. I think I can keep it going. I should ask Adam what time he thinks. I forgot you're supposed to journal about negative things. I guess I could keep going back to my relationship, but I already know what I need to do; I just can't do it. SO many times have I thought about it, and there were so many better times to do it. Big oof. BIG oof. I should ask Olek for some shrooms though. ok I did that. Let me check up on Adam now. 

- 5. What am I worried about?
	 - NIGGA I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT NOTHIN

- 6. Day Recall
