---
title: January 19th, 2021
---

- [[Daily Journal]]
	 - 1. What am I grateful for?
		 - My homies.

	 - 2. What do I want today’s highlight to be?
		 - Applying to a couple jobs. 

	 - 3. Daily affirmations
		 - Everyone is struggling (for the most part) during this time. Take your time; you have nothing to worry about.

	 - 4. What am I thinking of? (Brain dumping)
		 - Thinking of my relationship with Steph. She really is one of my best friends, but I'm not sure if I'm well equipped to deal with long-distance, or if I even want to. Thinking about this too much makes my heart hurt, so I try and not think about it too often. That probably means something, but damn does it hurt to admit it. Should I have broken up with her before she left for school? Maybe I should visit and decide then. I really hope this new schedule thing sticks well enough; I'm sick and tired of feeling lazy or useless. I still really need to visit the gym as well, as I'm starting to get a little flabby in the midsection and arms. I really want to start working out again, but I'm worried about getting covid and having lasting effects from it. I mean, I didn't get it before, what're the odds I'll get it now? I should check the numbers. Maybe when numbers go down a bit, I'll feel a bit more comfortable doing things. Should I jeopardize my physical health for my mental health? I wonder to what extent not working out has had on my capacity to learn and grow, as well as my mood. [[J]] is gonna get married soon, and that's kinda crazy. I'mma be pissed if I'm not a groomsmen, but Lane probably doesn't have too many people that are close enough to her that she can call friends, especially after losing so many. I have no idea who Lane even talks to besides Jess and Corey. Who are their mutual friends? Should I be worried about that? Probably not.

	 - 5. What am I worried about?
		 - Relationships and Jobs.

		 - Worried about my mother and her relationship with Reggie. Ever since he slashed her tires, I've been rather anxious about her future. It's difficult to imagine her situation, and I know I should be more sympathetic, but she is a rather large burden sometimes that I wish I didn't have to go through. I love her, of course, but while I think about my life and my future, I don't want to think about getting my mother through her life as well. I wish Bryce shared more of this burden, but he seems to be rather unaffected by my mother's suffering. Perhaps that is too harsh, but that is what it is. I want to help her, but it's hard when she doesn't want to help herself. It also doesn't help that the world around her is against her. Writing about stressful things is difficult, honestly. For that experiment to have had kids contemplate such negativity in their life is amazing. I wonder how many of them were able to consistently and adequately perform that task given to them. I also struggle with my Dad's relationship with Kathy. I want to move out, but finding a job comes first. I must be getting intrusive thoughts and what not when applying for jobs because of my anxiety surrounding it; I hope this will help me in that. I just really don't like writing cover letters, but maybe because I feel like it'll just be a waste of time for jobs I don't really think I'll get. 

	 - 6. Day Recall
		 - Not today. 

	 - How has Latin American democracy been doing? 
		 - It lost an average of .8 points on a 10 point democracy scale created by the Bertelsmann Foundation. 

	 - 
