---
title: February 7th, 2021
---

- Explain why your background and experience would be a good fit for this job.

- Tell us what has been your best work achievement to this point in your career. What made this achievement important?

- Describe a difficult task you were faced with and how you addressed it.

- demonstrate solid communication skills

- active, not passive

- provide some proof

- they __may__ want you to demonstrate some personality traits, such as humility, or leadership capability

- Providing proof means that you relate every answer to concrete, real experience. This seems hard, but it's easy to prepare for. Before an interview, think about 1-3 projects you've done in the past with a team. Think about the problems you had, what you would do differently if you did it again, what went well, etc. Analyze the specific causes.

- Stories
	 - Story 1: Training at City of Grand Rapids
		 - S: I'll first start by describing my role as a seasonal inspector, a.k.a the Yard Police. Basically, within the City of Grand Rapids, there's a role underneath the Housing Inspectors that consists of having to make sure the outside of the structure was up to code. The City, having to cut costs, decided that it would make the seasonal inspector role a full time position. 

		 - T: Due to my school schedule, I would not be able to continue in the role, so I was set to train my replacements. 

		 - A: I took each new inspector out on numerous occasions and taught them the skills and tricks that I picked up through my past few years. 

		 - R: In the end, I was able to provide management with a list of each inspector's areas of weaknesses and strengths before leaving. And impart on them knowledge that allowed myself to increase my new cases generated by about 33%, handle an increased caseload, and reduce my gas consumption by reducing inefficiencies. And although I was unable to track their metrics after I had left, upon rejoining the department in a new role a few years later, I was thanked for my previous work with those employees. 

	 - Story 2: City of Grand Rapids - Dealing with crazies.
		 - As the seasonal inspector, you're a relatively unpopular person. Because of this, there were many instances in which I was harassed or threatened by citizens. 

		 - One particular encounter, where I was threatened with physical harm by an older gentleman who had just been cited for numerous abandoned vehicles and refuse in his yard, comes to mind. 

		 - As he confronted me while coming out of his house I was able to explain from a distance, I calmly explained that his anger was understandable, but that since no fines or fees had been assessed yet, and because of the fact that I was more than willing to work with him, there was no reason to be angry. In that moment, we were able to work through a plan by which I would come back every week, and check that specific items were addressed. I would call beforehand, remind him of what he had to do for this week and that I would be by to check on his progress, and then come out the following day. Every week he met those violations, asking me questions about the nuances of the code and what is and isn't allowed on his private property. 

		 - In the end, he was able to meet and abate all of his violations, and I was able to turn a perhaps violent situation into a positive experience for the both of us. It also gave me a new tool to handle particularly egregious violations: the weekly checklist. This is a tool that I would use with all of my particularly difficult cases, and allowed both of us to manage the situation in an orderly and understandable manner.


	 - Story 3: Rock Climbing Assessability
		 - S: The rock climbing gym that I worked for, Terra Firma, mainly served members who were predominantly college kids, or white professionals in their 30's and 40's despite being situated in an area that is predominantly less than affluent African Americans. 

		 - T: As such, I suggested to my boss, and owner of the company, that we do something to integrate the community into the neighborhood.

		 - A: We began to formulate ideas, and it was decided that we look to the surrounding schools, one in particular is less than a block away, and see if they would be interested in an agreement that was charge them massively reduced prices when they bring in kids and make it 

		 - R: Impact that it had was that it 

	 - Story 4: Joining the Cook Leadership Academy. 
		 - S: As a student, I wasn't particularly drawn to opportunities that put me out there or ones that contained the possibility of rejection and denial. One of my professors, obviously having the wrong impression of me, decided to nominate me for this program. A program that was perhaps the antithesis of my college experience up till that point. 

		 - T:  So I applied, with her letter of recommendation, to perhaps one of the most intensive interview processes I had experienced, in the hopes of becoming a more realized person. 

		 - A:  So I worked at something that went beyond the scope of just my classes or athletics, and I painstakingly crafted and recrafted my response to each application question. Once I moved past that, I really delved into the intricacies of interviewing and developed structures to better guide me through them. 

		 - R: I got in, and I was met with a cohort of some of the most intense, intelligent, and hard-working peers that I had. It was that moment, seeing all of these people my own age and at my own school that I really began to understand the possibilities of applying myself beyond just the classroom and into the professional world and local community. I was able to meet and be mentored by leaders that are probably some of the most influential people in my being here and interviewing with you today. 

	 - Story 5: Failure/Challenge
		 - I like to think of my entire first month as an office assistant as a failure. Because I was always meant to be temporary, they sort of threw me the wolves without any set or structured teaching plan. After only a week, I was put on phones without supervision, and the whole time I'm just thinking these people have no idea what they're doing. 

		 - I like to think that I'm a relatively quick learner, but the unstructured nature of it coupled with the vast amount of specific trades knowledge required meant that I had to rely on my coworkers in the same positions to fill in any gaps I had remaining. 

		 - So what did I do? I asked question after question after question. I asked more questions in a day than I probably asked in a week in my other positions. I asked redundant questions, dumb questions, questions that didn't have answers, questions that made my coworker question themselves until I finally reached a point where I could get my questions down to just a few a day. 

		 - And, in the end, it really showed me that a lot of the learning comes on the job, and that it's your responsibility to ask questions when it pertains to your position and that it's not necessarily a bad thing to not know something; unless of course it's the 5th time you've asked what form to use, and at this point karens getting a little irritated. It taught me humility and how to approach the unknown in any workplace environment. I'm not afraid to ask questions.

- Why do you want to be a project manager?
	 - I think that my background in leadership and the varied nature of my roles allows me to understand and adapt to the demanding and changing nature of project management. I'm interested and excited about the possibility of being an integral part of teams and facilitating proper communication between members. I think the role is challenging; y'know, it requires that you have at least a working understanding of the responsibilities, personalities, and abilities of each member of your team. I like that challenge that it brings, and it asks you come back each day with a new bit of knowledge. 

	 - As someone who likes to plan out their whole day, I'm able to channel and bring that excitement about scheduling and planning into others. But on the flipside, I'm adaptive, I don't get flustered or distraught when things don't go my way, and I'm able to thrive in environments that are disorderly and chaotic.

	 - I think my background in political philosophy really honed my thinking to be substantive, succinct, and open-minded. Philosophy, at least the study of it, is really is just taking complex topics an ideas and breaking them down into their composite components and arguments in order to understand for yourself and relay this information to others. In essence, that's what a certain aspect of project management looks like to me, and that excites me.  I think that this role allows me to leverage my strong interpersonal skills and quick learning capabilities to bring value to any team I'm apart of, and perhaps provide that value quicker and more effectively than others. 
