---
title: Interview 
---

- Job Applications{{table}}
	 - Company Name
		 - Date
			 - Status
				 - Position
					 - Cover Letter?
						 - Notes

	 - Microsoft
		 - 9/8/2020
			 - No response
				 - Project Manager
					 - No

	 - TechWorld
		 - 9/8/2020
			 - No response
				 - Project Manager
					 - No

	 - Ultimate Software
		 - 9/9/2020
			 - No response
				 - Project Manager
					 - No

	 - IBM
		 - 9/10/2020
			 - No response
				 - Supply Chain Mgmt
					 - No

	 - Abelson Taylor
		 - 9/12/2020
			 - No response
				 - Associate Project Manager
					 - No

	 - Goldman Sachs
		 - 10/29/2020
			 - Entered
				 - Project Management
					 - No

	 - GVSU
		 - 10/29/2020
			 - Entered
				 - Project Coordinator
					 - Yes

	 - Cision
		 - 10/29/2020
			 - Entered
				 - Project Management
					 - No

	 - Crew212
		 - 10/29/2020
			 - Rejected post interview
				 - Project Management
					 - No

	 - David LaGrand
		 - 10/29/2020
			 - Rejected post final interview
				 - Staffer
					 - Yes

	 - Deloitte Consulting
		 - 11/3/2020
			 - Entered
				 - Project Management
					 - Yes

- Stories

- I'm a recent political sci undergraduate with a deep love for philosophy and problem solving. I have a lot of experience in managing teams and contributing to systems.  Every role I've been in, I've been able to leave them with meaningful contributions, which of course I'm happy to talk about later. However, as I begin my career, I'm looking for experiences that will allow me to scale up this mindset and bring more and more substantive and interesting  innovations and improvements to my work. and that's just a little about me
	 - figuring out how to leverage my degree

	 - Gym - Chairs and injury report system - integrating neighborhood into the community.

	 - Seasonal inspector - Creating a system in which every morning I list out the addresses . Unfortunately, I can't provide any exact improvements to metrics, but anecdotally I can tell you that I had much much more time to perform my other tasks while saving on mileage and time. I know that when I went back to the office as an assistant, the guys were still using this and planning out their routes prior to leaving the office. 

	 - Administrative Assistant - Creating charts for who to call for newcomers. Price sheet. 

- Story 1: Training at City of Grand Rapids

- S: I'll first start by describing my role as a seasonal inspector, a.k.a the Yard Police. Basically, within the City of Grand Rapids, there's a role underneath the Housing Inspectors that consists of having to make sure the outside of the structure was up to code. The City, having to cut costs, decided that it would make the seasonal inspector role a full time position.

- T: Due to my school schedule, I would not be able to continue in the role, so I was set to train my replacements.

- A: I took each new inspector out on numerous occasions and taught them the skills and tricks that I picked up through my past few years.

- R: In the end, I was able to provide management with a list of each inspector's areas of weaknesses and strengths before leaving. And impart on them knowledge that allowed myself to increase my new cases generated by about 33%, handle an increased caseload, and reduce my gas consumption by reducing inefficiencies. And although I was unable to track their metrics after I had left, upon rejoining the department in a new role a few years later, I was thanked for my previous work with those employees.

- Story 2: City of Grand Rapids - Dealing with crazies.

- As the seasonal inspector, you're a relatively unpopular person. Because of this, there were many instances in which I was harassed or threatened by citizens.

- One particular encounter, where I was threatened with physical harm by an older gentleman who had just been cited for numerous abandoned vehicles and refuse in his yard, comes to mind.

- As he confronted me while coming out of his house I was able to explain from a distance, I calmly explained that his anger was understandable, but that since no fines or fees had been assessed yet, and because of the fact that I was more than willing to work with him, there was no reason to be angry. In that moment, we were able to work through a plan by which I would come back every week, and check that specific items were addressed. I would call beforehand, remind him of what he had to do for this week and that I would be by to check on his progress, and then come out the following day. Every week he met those violations, asking me questions about the nuances of the code and what is and isn't allowed on his private property.

- In the end, he was able to meet and abate all of his violations, and I was able to turn a perhaps violent situation into a positive experience for the both of us. It also gave me a new tool to handle particularly egregious violations: the weekly checklist. This is a tool that I would use with all of my particularly difficult cases, and allowed both of us to manage the situation in an orderly and understandable manner.

- Story 3: Rock Climbing Assessability

- S: The rock climbing gym that I worked for, Terra Firma, mainly served members who were predominantly college kids, or white professionals in their 30's and 40's despite being situated in an area that is predominantly less than affluent African Americans.

- T: As such, I suggested to my boss, and owner of the company, that we do something to integrate the community into the neighborhood.

- A: We began to formulate ideas, and it was decided that we look to the surrounding schools, one in particular is less than a block away, and see if they would be interested in an agreement that was charge them massively reduced prices when they bring in kids and make it

- R: Impact that it had was that it

- Story 4: Joining the Cook Leadership Academy.

- S: As a student, I wasn't particularly drawn to opportunities that put me out there or ones that contained the possibility of rejection and denial. One of my professors, obviously having the wrong impression of me, decided to nominate me for this program. A program that was perhaps the antithesis of my college experience up till that point.

- T:  So I applied, with her letter of recommendation, to perhaps one of the most intensive interview processes I had experienced, in the hopes of becoming a more realized person.

- A:  So I worked at something that went beyond the scope of just my classes or athletics, and I painstakingly crafted and recrafted my response to each application question. Once I moved past that, I really delved into the intricacies of interviewing and developed structures to better guide me through them.

- R: I got in, and I was met with a cohort of some of the most intense, intelligent, and hard-working peers that I had. It was that moment, seeing all of these people my own age and at my own school that I really began to understand the possibilities of applying myself beyond just the classroom and into the professional world and local community. I was able to meet and be mentored by leaders that are probably some of the most influential people in my being here and interviewing with you today.

- Story 5: Failure/Challenge

- I like to think of my entire first month as an office assistant as a failure. Because I was always meant to be temporary, they sort of threw me the wolves without any set or structured teaching plan. After only a week, I was put on phones without supervision, and the whole time I'm just thinking these people have no idea what they're doing.

- I like to think that I'm a relatively quick learner, but the unstructured nature of it coupled with the vast amount of specific trades knowledge required meant that I had to rely on my coworkers in the same positions to fill in any gaps I had remaining.

- So what did I do? I asked question after question after question. I asked more questions in a day than I probably asked in a week in my other positions. I asked redundant questions, dumb questions, questions that didn't have answers, questions that made my coworker question themselves until I finally reached a point where I could get my questions down to just a few a day.

- And, in the end, it really showed me that a lot of the learning comes on the job, and that it's your responsibility to ask questions when it pertains to your position and that it's not necessarily a bad thing to not know something; unless of course it's the 5th time you've asked what form to use, and at this point karens getting a little irritated. It taught me humility and how to approach the unknown in any workplace environment. I'm not afraid to ask questions.

- [[Alphasights]]
	 - Introduce your self, why do you want to work here and do you know what the company does
		 - Mentorship program, growth mindset, challenging and rewarding work, 

	 - Why do you want to work in legal and compliance
		 - Law is absolutely fascinating to me. It's an area that I've been wanting to learn more about. Poli sci majors are either expected to go into law or campaign work basically. I love problem solving and being a source of knowledge for others, so I think this position would allow me to do both on a daily basis. I love digging into the arcane laws and regulations that govern things and learning more about them, really. Honestly, that was probably the most enjoyable aspect of my previous work, especially at the development center for the . It's probably why I love jeopardy so much. r i p alex trebek. 

	 - How does this role fit into your career path
		 - Drive - Challenge mindset that results in a rewarding and difficult environment. I want to do more and I want to be pushed not only internally by myself, but externally and to meet those pressures and demands. My career path at the moment is very flexible.

		 - Meeting demands
			 - I love the satisfaction associated with 

		 - Flexibility

		 - Growth

		 - Relationships

	 - what do you know about alphasights and who are our clients
		 - A consulting firm focused on matching clients to expert advisors and leaders in their field who are able to meet the needs laid out by the client in the brief stage. Alphasights doesn't only rely on a pre-existing network but actively conducts professional recruitment based on the clients needs.

	 - What is the BREAD process.
		 - Bread process is the process used by alpha sights to connect professionals and leaders in their fields to their clients. 

		 - Brief - Understanding the clients' needs. Detailed or broad account of the problem that client needs solving. 

		 - Research -
			 - p1: Understanding the industry - what are the companies, who are the major players, how big are they, main products.

			 - p2: who are the people with the ability to answer the questions posed by the client. basically who do we want to interact with to get our client results. 

		 - Engage and Assess - Start engaging with the advisors and explaining alphasights and the job that would be required of them if they choose to do so. Pay, logistics, what do they need.  Client protection is key here to ensure that everything is by the books and our client isn't coming into any sort of knowledge or proprietary information that they wouldn't be privy to under the law. Client protection keeps the client safe by making sure we aren't breaking any laws. 

		 - Delivery - Final conversation that is basically the sales portion of the call. Breaking down to the client what advisors were spoken to and which ones, in our beliefs, are most capable of performing the job at hand. 

	 - How would you describe AlphaSights in your own words?
		 - Idea or question

		 - Client matching service. For example, a company has an idea they want tested or a question that they want answered, alphasights takes that and performs a search for qualified individuals able to provide guidance or an answer. Once the expert is selected alphasights facilitates the interaction whether it be a one on one, a meeting call, a workshop etc. 

		 - Compliance framework to ensure that clients get what they need.

		 - Take your brief and search to find experts.

		 - Drafting policies and educating company on compliance issues.

	 - What are your career goals?
		 - Impact - 
			 - I want to have a measurable, positive impact on people's lives, especially focusing on those that are less fortunate or underprivileged. I mean, just based on my lived experience, I can say that I wouldn't be in front of you, or through a zoom call, I guess, without my mentors and teachers who pushed me through and guided  me. I would like to be in a role that affords me the same opportunity eventually. 

		 - Growth - 
			 - Don't want to stay stagnant in a role or position for too long. If I feel like I'm just going through the motions, then I know that I'm in the wrong position. 

		 - Interest -
			 - I can't be in a role that I don't find stimulating or interesting. I also can't be in a role that doesn't allow me to gain a wide breadth of knowledge.

		 - What does that all mean? 
			 - I want to find a career in public policy, project management, or consultancy that allows me to exemplify all of the traits that I mentioned, and I want to get to a position of management or delegation where I can gain increasingly higher levels of autonomy and impact within whatever organization.

	 - What are you most proud of in your academic career?
		 - Definitely gotta be the cook leadership academy. I was, in my early college and high school days, someone who probably had less confidence than I should have. This led to my confidence outside of the classroom to be somewhat lacking and I discouraged myself from pursuing scholarships and organizations that I would have been a great fit for. It wasn't until that one of my professors recommended me to an organization, then I applied to that organization, and it really opened my mind to so many different things. It's highly selective, and the level of intelligence among my cohort, the mentors, and the staff was really staggering to me. I felt very lucky to have been counted among those individuals, and it really helped me overcome a lot of the imposter feelings I had felt up to that point. 

	 - What does the role entail?
		 - So client protection associates are most important in the engage and assess portion of the bread process because we have the knowledge and remit to weed out the potential advisors whose knowledge and experience might place the client in a precarious spot for legal reasons. I'm assuming that client protection associates are tasked with researching the various and specific laws of their jurisdiction as well as the potential advisors to ensure that everything is legal. You're basically there to answer questions that the client services team has about compliance and safety working both reactively and proactively. Proactively you're developing new content to better guide the company towards compliance. 

- Describe an organizational challenge you faced and how did you overcome it?
	 - Can I talk about how the entire pandemic has been an organizational challenge. And I speak about this as an organizational challenge rather than a mental-health challenge because this pandemic that coincided with my graduation took away from me the majority of the structure in my life. It forced me, like it forced everyone, to change practically everything overnight. And for a while, I'm not gonna lie, I was in a funk. The thing that rescued me from this was simple self-guided organization. And it's not like it happened overnight, right. I had to read a lot of books, do a lot of meditation, and follow a lot of guides to get to the discipline and organzational place that I got here today. My days are planned around specific tasks and goals, I use a lot of apps like sorted to keep my agenda flowing 

- Name a time you had a strict upcoming deadline and felt you wouldn't complete your project in time

- Tell us about a time you failed?

- Cook Leadership Academy
	 - Personalized mentoring source

	 - Networking and public presentation skills

	 - Given the opportunity to network and talk to leaders in their fields. 

	 - Represented overcoming a lot for me. 

- Please describe what are your strengths?
	 - Efficiency

	 - Collaboration

	 - Problem-solving

- Tell me about yourself
	 - Deep love for philosophy and problem solving. 

	 - Experience managing teams and fixing problems. 

	 - Wanting to scale up past experiences. 

	 - Wanting to start my career in a 
		 - I'm a recent political sci undergraduate with a deep love for philosophy and problem solving. I have a lot of experience in managing teams and contributing to systems.  Every role I've been in, I've been able to leave them with meaningful contributions, which of course I'm happy to talk about later. However, as I begin my career, I'm looking for experiences that will allow me to scale up this mindset and bring more and more substantive and interesting  innovations and improvements to my work. and that's just a little about me
			 - figuring out how to leverage my degree

			 - Gym - Chairs and injury report system - integrating neighborhood into the community.

			 - Seasonal inspector - Creating a system in which every morning I list out the addresses . Unfortunately, I can't provide any exact improvements to metrics, but anecdotally I can tell you that I had much much more time to perform my other tasks while saving on mileage and time. I know that when I went back to the office as an assistant, the guys were still using this and planning out their routes prior to leaving the office. 

			 - Administrative Assistant - Creating charts for who to call for newcomers. Price sheet. 

	 - Administrative

	 - Inspector

- walk me through your resume
	 - 

- Why are you a good fit.
	 - I think I bring a level of diversity in both thought and lived experience. 

- Why Goldman?
	 - I think my answer to this question can be broken down in to two categories: my emotional rational, and sort of my logical - this is a good fit - rational. I'll get the sob story out of the way quickly, and just say that growing up in a mostly single parent household meant that my mom made a lot of sacrifices to get me here, and I think one way that I can try to give back is by working at one of the biggest, most recognizable, and influential companies in the country. I think that's something she would be proud of. Now my logical rational is probably a lot more interesting for you. I want to be in an environment of working hard. I know that everyone probably says that in these interviews, but up to this point, a large portion of my roles haven't been the high-stressed environments of school and other extra-curriculars that I craved, and I'm definitely looking for an opportunity that will push me. I think Goldman sachs is an organization that brings together some of the most intelligent and driven people and. If my time with the cook leadership academy showed me anything, it's that when you're in an environment with a ton of intelligent and driven people, a bit of that tends to rub off on you. And I don't think there's a better company to do this than goldman sachs and I don't think there's a much better fit for my interests and mindset than in the sort of generalist operations division where I'm able to put my problem solving skills, efficiency oriented thinking, and people skills to good use. 

	 - Why Goldman Sachs
		 - Largest investment banking organization

		 - Culture of growth, intellectual curiosity, and diversity. Logging on to the superday call was sort of mind blowing. I think if you would have told someone that this was a typical GS cohort they would've laughed at you.  

- What is operations?
	 - From my understanding, operations is concerned with how to most efficiently and adequately address the organizational and structural needs of the company and its other divisions. They're proactive and reactive in their thinking, actively looking for ways to better your system while remaining vigilant and addressing any issues when they arise. There are operation divisions that work intimately with each of the organization's functions to support, manage risk, and make sure everything is running smoothly.  

- Why operations?
	 - I've thought a lot about this question, and I think you'll get a better and more clear understanding of me if I explain to you my initial reasoning for choosing political science and philosophy. Aside from realizing my interest in simply the subject matter of how people organize and can learn to organize better, I choose these areas of study because I felt that if I could be taught to understand the most arcane, dense, and esoteric ideas and papers out there, then I would be well equipped to handle any analysis or task handed to me. This is exactly the sort of role that will allow me to lean in to those heavy analytic and explanatory skills I have so focused on.  Operations allows me to experience every single facet of GS which is going to be integral for realizing the path I want my career to take. I understand the name of the game is efficiency, efficiency, efficiency and that aligns really well with my own thought processes that guide me through my own life. I want a role that won't pigeon-hole me into a specific route but allow me to follow whatever trajectory seems appropriate and fitting for me.
		 - Why I chose poli sci and why that matters.

		 - How I feel operations fits into that framework.

		 - Ubiquity of the operations division allows me to better understand 

		 - Efficiency focus. 

		 - Growth mindset.

- Specific questions
	 - Ruslan
		 - Aside from this opportunity, I've been looking at a number of consulting opportunities and I noticed that you started your own business consulting firm. If I do decide to go down that route in the future, how do you feel GS has prepared you for it. 

		 - I've read a lot about the collaborative nature of Goldman Sachs, being a vp, how often can you say that your actions or decisions are assisted by a lower level employee or perhaps someone in this very role I'm interviewing for.  and what's that process like? 

	 - Amber
		 - Yeah Amber, I was wondering if you could kind of speak to how you measure a new team members success and what're the metrics and qualities you find most important.

		 - Could you speak to the diversity specifically within the Salt Lake City office? I understand GS is a global company and have a general idea of their diversity initiatives, but what's life like on the ground there in the office?

	 - Dan
		 - Yeah Dan, I noticed that you never really stayed in a role for more than a year. Do you mind just kind of generally speaking to that experience: is it the norm, how has it served you etc.

		 - Is there anything that particularly draws you to the private wealth management side of things. Do you think it's a division you're going to want to keep in. 

- When you've been on a team, what do you gravitate towards.
	 - Team question
		 - Working on the team at the rock climbing gym. 

		 - I kind of consider my entire time at the rock climbing gym as a team experience right. Just to set the scene a little bit, it was a brand new local gym with an owner that had little practical experience besides being a rock climber himself. As such, I had the chance to influence a lot of initial decisions and organizational decisions. Everything from the small stuff, like convincing the owner that the staff needed to have chairs at the front desk to the big stuff like convincing him that the majority white gym needed to be a better neighbor to the majority black and hispanic community that it was situated in, which led to discounts for people who lived nearby and agreements with local schools to climb at a discounted rate. In this role, I sort of played the foil to my bosses more lofty and philosophical tendencies. The spirit there, at least in the beginning, was of a lot of collaboration and I really enjoyed that. We had weekly meetings where people were free to voice their concerns and discuss directly what needed to be done and what actions needed to be taken to make the experience a lot better. 

- Supervisor
	 - Learning experience. 
